Changes to api-stats-updates.md (#154)
infrawatch/documentation: doc-Service-Telemetry-Framework/modules/proc_monitoring-container-health-and-api-status.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// <List assemblies here, each on a new line>

// This module can be included from assemblies using the following include statement:
// include::<path>/ref_manifest-override-parameters.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

// The file name and the ID are based on the module title. For example:
// * file name: ref_my-reference-a.adoc
// * ID: [id='ref_my-reference-a_{context}']
// * Title: = My reference A
//
// The ID is used as an anchor for linking to the module. Avoid changing
// it after the module has been published to ensure existing links are not
// broken.
//
// The `context` attribute enables module reuse. Every module's ID includes
// {context}, which ensures that the module has a unique ID even if it is
// reused multiple times in a guide.
//
// In the title, include nouns that are used in the body text. This helps
// readers and search engines find information quickly.
[id="monitoring-container-health-and-api-status_{context}"]
= Monitoring container health and API status

Container health assesses the status of each of the {OpenStack} service containers

> by periodically running a health check script using the docker standard.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
by periodically running a health check script using the Docker standard.
```

Reviewer: Should Docker be capitalized? Also we're using `podman` in 16.1 so I think the more correct term is OCI? (Open Container Initiative)

I'm not actually sure what the correct term is here. @csibbitt do you know?

Reviewer: (Also sorry, I forgot this was a mild change to Pauls root PR and is probably where this comment should have landed.)

Most {OpenStack} services implement a healthcheck that logs issues and returns a

> binary status, healthy or unhealthy. For the {OpenStack} APIs, the healthchecks

Author: ```suggestion
binary status. For the {OpenStack} APIs, the healthchecks
```

query the root endpoint and determine the health based on the response time.

To monitor healthchecks in {ProjectShort}, you must enable and configure the `collectd-sensubility` plugin to work with the `amqp1` protocol. The {ProjectShort} architecture considers healthcheck results to be events and are stored in ElasticSearch.

.Prerequisites

* You have created the `stf-connectors.yaml` file. For more information, see xref:configuring-red-hat-openstack-platform-overcloud-for-stf_completing-the-stf-configuration[].

* You are using the most current version of {OpenStack} {OpenStackVersion}.

.Procedure

. Open the `stf-connectors.yaml` and edit the `collectd-sensubility` paramater:
+
----
CollectdSensubilityTransport: amqp1
----

> . Optional: In a multicloud environment, you must configure `collectd-sensubility` events channel with the new collectd events address. Edit the `stf-connectors.yaml` file:

Author: ```suggestion
. If you have a multicloud environment, you must configure `collectd-sensubility` events channel with the new collectd events address. Edit the `stf-connectors.yaml` file:
```
